README.md, before:

# Solidity Smart Contracts: Building DeFi DApps and Protocols for the Ethereum Blockchain

This repository will provide a latest updated learning resource for Solidity, Dapp, and DeFi developers.

[Digital assets to replace fiat in ten years – Deloitte Survey](https://www.cryptopolitan.com/digital-assets-to-replace-fiat-in-10-years/)

[DeFi can be 100 times larger than today in 5 years](https://cointelegraph.com/news/defi-can-be-100-times-larger-than-today-in-5-years)

[How DeFi Hopes to Disrupt Traditional Finance](https://www.wsj.com/video/series/wsj-glossary/how-defi-hopes-to-disrupt-traditional-finance/1BB73865-57AD-4791-9A36-ADAE3193DA2C)

[![Internet's Value Layer](video_image.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNpjKZnsdfI "Internet's Value Layer")


The world of finance and software development is fusing. DeFi, Serverless, AI and IoT have merged. Our plan is to create the quintessential Unicorn Developer for this new age, who have a unique and rare skillset. They are basically individuals who on one hand can develop software and on the other mint money. They will be experts not only in serverless cloud computing technologies but also ninjas of the new token economy and decentralised finance. They will know not only to develop AI and IoT APIs but create a economic system where everyone can participate. In this repo we will focus on learning DeFi.

### Our Text Books

[Mastering Blockchain Programming with Solidity](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/mastering-blockchain-programming/9781839218262/)

[Book Code](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Mastering-Blockchain-Programming-with-Solidity)


### To Get Started

[Zero to Hero: Web3.0 and Solidity Development Roadmap 2021](https://javascript.plainenglish.io/zero-to-hero-web3-0-and-solidity-development-roadmap-2021-926e759a366b)

[Read The Book: The Wisdom of Finance - Discovering Humanity in the World of Risk and Return](https://pdfroom.com/books/the-wisdom-of-finance-discovering-humanity-in-the-world-of-risk-and-return/qjb5qerR5xQ/download)

[Watch “The Big Short” Movie](https://youtu.be/vgqG3ITMv1Q)

For complete details about this course visit [Operation Unicorn website](https://www.operationunicorn.org/training)



### Blockchain and Serverless

[How blockchain and serverless processing are impacting event-driven architectures](https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/blockchain-and-serverless-processing-similarities-differences-and-how-they-fit-together)

[Blockchain is the Ultimate Serverless Platform](https://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=3006828)

[On the Serverless Nature of Blockchains and Smart Contracts](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12729.pdf)

### DeFi 

[How to DeFi for Beginners](https://landing.coingecko.com/how-to-defi/)

[How to DeFi for Advanced](https://landing.coingecko.com/how-to-defi/)

[DeFi and the Future of Finance](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3711777)

[Ethereum Book](https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook/)

[How to Become a DeFi Developer](https://defiweekly.substack.com/p/how-to-become-a-defi-developer)

[DeFi Developer Road Map](https://github.com/OffcierCia/DeFi-Developer-Road-Map)

[Ultimate DeFi & Blockchain Research Base](https://github.com/OffcierCia/ultimate-defi-research-base)

[Comparing Centralized to Decentralized Finance](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.08157.pdf)

[Finding Alpha in DeFi](https://www.coindesk.com/finding-alpha-in-defi)

[6 Reasons DeFi Will Stay Inefficient (and Profitable)](https://www.coindesk.com/6-reasons-defi-will-stay-inefficient-and-profitable?fbclid=IwAR1g9Sjt6w0WjxQ9O_heJqstSWEBWFnSaOJY0QlJxZaxRzhwJZRmApLhrAU)


### Metamask

[How To Build A Blockchain App with Ethereum, Web3.js & Solidity Smart Contracts](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/how-to-build-a-blockchain-app)

[How to Build Ethereum Dapp with React.js · Complete Step-By-Step Guide](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/ethereum-dapp-react-tutorial)

[Send ETH payments using React.js / MetaMask](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJZUItAsdfg)

[web3-react: Connect Users to MetaMask (or any wallet) From Your Frontend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCA53Go5ON8)

[MetaMask (or any wallet) From Your Frontend](https://medium.com/coinmonks/web3-react-connect-users-to-metamask-or-any-wallet-from-your-frontend-241fd538ed39)



### Tokens

[What Is a ‘Semi-Fungible’ Crypto Token?](https://www.coindesk.com/what-is-a-semi-fungible-crypto-token)

Commit message:

add videos for first class

README.md, after:

# Solidity Smart Contracts: Building DeFi DApps and Protocols for the Ethereum Blockchain

This repository will provide a latest updated learning resource for Solidity, Dapp, and DeFi developers.

[Digital assets to replace fiat in ten years – Deloitte Survey](https://www.cryptopolitan.com/digital-assets-to-replace-fiat-in-10-years/)

[DeFi can be 100 times larger than today in 5 years](https://cointelegraph.com/news/defi-can-be-100-times-larger-than-today-in-5-years)

[How DeFi Hopes to Disrupt Traditional Finance](https://www.wsj.com/video/series/wsj-glossary/how-defi-hopes-to-disrupt-traditional-finance/1BB73865-57AD-4791-9A36-ADAE3193DA2C)

## Class Videos

[Class for Steps 00 and 01: Blockchain, Ethereum Smart Contract, and Hardhat Intro in English on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/fb.anees.ahmed/videos/611810023268930)

[Class for Steps 00 and 01: Blockchain, Ethereum Smart Contract, and Hardhat Intro in English on YouTube](https://youtu.be/24Nl4fVGH6g)

[Class for Step 00 and 01: Blockchain, Ethereum Smart Contract, and Hardhat Intro in Urdu on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Ai.SirQasim/videos/394282572468467)

[Class for Step 00 and 01: Blockchain, Ethereum Smart Contract, and Hardhat Intro in Urdu on YouTube](https://youtu.be/wXFi1wkn_5o)

[![Internet's Value Layer](video_image.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNpjKZnsdfI "Internet's Value Layer")


The world of finance and software development is fusing. DeFi, Serverless, AI and IoT have merged. Our plan is to create the quintessential Unicorn Developer for this new age, who have a unique and rare skillset. They are basically individuals who on one hand can develop software and on the other mint money. They will be experts not only in serverless cloud computing technologies but also ninjas of the new token economy and decentralised finance. They will know not only to develop AI and IoT APIs but create a economic system where everyone can participate. In this repo we will focus on learning DeFi.

### Our Text Books

[Mastering Blockchain Programming with Solidity](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/mastering-blockchain-programming/9781839218262/)

[Book Code](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Mastering-Blockchain-Programming-with-Solidity)


### To Get Started

[Zero to Hero: Web3.0 and Solidity Development Roadmap 2021](https://javascript.plainenglish.io/zero-to-hero-web3-0-and-solidity-development-roadmap-2021-926e759a366b)

[Read The Book: The Wisdom of Finance - Discovering Humanity in the World of Risk and Return](https://pdfroom.com/books/the-wisdom-of-finance-discovering-humanity-in-the-world-of-risk-and-return/qjb5qerR5xQ/download)

[Watch “The Big Short” Movie](https://youtu.be/vgqG3ITMv1Q)

For complete details about this course visit [Operation Unicorn website](https://www.operationunicorn.org/training)



### Blockchain and Serverless

[How blockchain and serverless processing are impacting event-driven architectures](https://acloudguru.com/blog/engineering/blockchain-and-serverless-processing-similarities-differences-and-how-they-fit-together)

[Blockchain is the Ultimate Serverless Platform](https://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=3006828)

[On the Serverless Nature of Blockchains and Smart Contracts](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12729.pdf)

### DeFi 

[How to DeFi for Beginners](https://landing.coingecko.com/how-to-defi/)

[How to DeFi for Advanced](https://landing.coingecko.com/how-to-defi/)

[DeFi and the Future of Finance](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3711777)

[Ethereum Book](https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook/)

[How to Become a DeFi Developer](https://defiweekly.substack.com/p/how-to-become-a-defi-developer)

[DeFi Developer Road Map](https://github.com/OffcierCia/DeFi-Developer-Road-Map)

[Ultimate DeFi & Blockchain Research Base](https://github.com/OffcierCia/ultimate-defi-research-base)

[Comparing Centralized to Decentralized Finance](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.08157.pdf)

[Finding Alpha in DeFi](https://www.coindesk.com/finding-alpha-in-defi)

[6 Reasons DeFi Will Stay Inefficient (and Profitable)](https://www.coindesk.com/6-reasons-defi-will-stay-inefficient-and-profitable?fbclid=IwAR1g9Sjt6w0WjxQ9O_heJqstSWEBWFnSaOJY0QlJxZaxRzhwJZRmApLhrAU)


### Metamask

[How To Build A Blockchain App with Ethereum, Web3.js & Solidity Smart Contracts](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/how-to-build-a-blockchain-app)

[How to Build Ethereum Dapp with React.js · Complete Step-By-Step Guide](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/ethereum-dapp-react-tutorial)

[Send ETH payments using React.js / MetaMask](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJZUItAsdfg)

[web3-react: Connect Users to MetaMask (or any wallet) From Your Frontend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCA53Go5ON8)

[MetaMask (or any wallet) From Your Frontend](https://medium.com/coinmonks/web3-react-connect-users-to-metamask-or-any-wallet-from-your-frontend-241fd538ed39)



### Tokens

[What Is a ‘Semi-Fungible’ Crypto Token?](https://www.coindesk.com/what-is-a-semi-fungible-crypto-token)
